CHAPTER V
And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on
the back side, sealed with seven seals.
And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice,
Who is worthy to open the book and to loose the seals thereof?
And no man in heaven, nor in earth, nor under the earth, was able to open the book, neither to look
thereon. And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to
look thereon. And one of the elders saith unto me, Weep not, behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah,
the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book and to loose the seven seals thereof.
And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the
elders, stood a lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven
spirits of God sent forth into all the earth. And he came and took the book out of the right hand of
him that sat upon the throne. And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and the four and
twenty elders fell down before the lamb, having every one of them harps and golden vials full of
odours, which are the prayers of saints. And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take
the book and to open the seals thereof. For thou wast slain, and hast redeemed us to God by thy
blood out of every kindred and tongue and people and nation, and hast made us unto our God kings
and priests, and we shall reign on the earth. And I beheld, and I heard the voice of many angels
round about the throne and the beasts and the elders, and the number of them was ten thousand
times ten thousand, and thousands of thousands, saying with a loud voice, Worthy is the lamb that
was slain to receive power and riches and wisdom and strength and honour and glory and blessing,
and every creature which is in heaven and on the earth and under the earth, and such as are in the
sea and all that are in them, heard I saying, Blessing and honour and glory and power be unto
him that sitteth upon the throne and unto the Lamb for ever and ever. And the four beasts said,
Amen. And the four and twenty elders fell down and worshipped him that liveth for ever and ever.
The End of Chapter 5